docs(sdk): add new section and separate pages (#3248)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/api-reference/kestra-sdk/java-sdk.md

```shell
./gradlew publishToMavenLocal
```

---

## Getting started

Initialize a single `KestraClient` and reuse it across your application. Run this minimal example to verify your client setup:

```java
import java.util.*;
import io.kestra.client.KestraClient;  // Adjust import to your SDK package

public class GettingStarted {
    // Instantiate the client once and reuse it (e.g., as a singleton)
    private static final KestraClient CLIENT = KestraClient.builder()
        .url("http://localhost:8080")
        .basicAuth("root@root.com", "Root!1234")  // or .tokenAuth("...") if you use tokens
        .build();

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // A lightweight no-op example to confirm the client is constructed
        System.out.println("KestraClient initialized: " + (CLIENT != null));
    }
}
```

::alert{type="info"}
**Notes**
- Set `.url(...)` to your Kestra API base URL (for example, `http://localhost:8080`).  
- Configure either **basic** or **bearer** authentication to match your environment.  
- Construct the client **once** (singleton/DI) and reuse it for all API calls.
::

---

## Create a flow

> Create a flow by sending the YAML source as a string. This mirrors what you’d write in the UI, but via the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a flow by sending the YAML definition as a string. This matches what you’d define in the UI, but through the SDK.
```

        String namespace = "my.namespace";
        String tenant = "main";
        Boolean wait = false;                    // non-blocking call
        List<String> labels = List.of("label1:created");
        Integer revision = null;                 // latest
        String scheduleDate = null;              // or ISO-8601 string, e.g. "2025-11-01T10:00:00Z"
        List<String> breakpoints = List.of();    // task ids to pause at (for debugging)
        ExecutionKind kind = ExecutionKind.NORMAL;

        Map<String, Object> variables = Map.of();  // flow variables (if any)
        Map<String, Object> inputs = new HashMap<>();
        inputs.put("key", "value");                // matches the flow `inputs` definition

        var exec = CLIENT.executions()
            .createExecution(namespace, flowId, wait, tenant, labels, revision, scheduleDate, breakpoints, kind, variables, inputs);

        System.out.println("Execution started: " + exec.getId());
    }
}
```

::alert{type="info"}
**Notes**
- `wait=true` blocks until the execution finishes (useful for synchronous flows/test runners).  
- Use `labels` (e.g., `team:platform`) for search, routing, or reporting.  

> - `scheduleDate` allows delayed start. Ensure delayed executions are enabled on your Kestra instance.  

Reviewer: can we link the relevant configuration?

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

For details, see the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html).

### For Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's **POM** file:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.kestra</groupId>
  <artifactId>kestra-api-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### For Gradle users

Add this dependency to your **build.gradle** file:

```groovy
implementation "io.kestra:kestra-api-client:1.0.0"
```

### Manual installation

If you prefer to install the JAR manually, first generate it:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then install the following artifacts:

- `target/kestra-api-client-1.0.0.jar`
- `target/lib/*.jar`

---

## Getting started

Initialize a single `KestraClient` and reuse it across your application. Run this minimal example to verify your client setup:

```java
import java.util.*;
import io.kestra.client.KestraClient;  // Adjust import to your SDK package

public class GettingStarted {
    // Instantiate the client once and reuse it (e.g., as a singleton)
    private static final KestraClient CLIENT = KestraClient.builder()
        .url("http://localhost:8080")

>         .basicAuth("root@root.com", "Root!1234")  // or .bearerToken("...") if you use tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        .basicAuth("root@root.com", "Root!1234")  // or .tokenAuth("...") if you use tokens
```
